upload to dl.sv.gnu.org.  cd /releases/lordsawar

 scp lordsawar-0.3.3.tar.gz benasselstine@dl.sv.nongnu.org:/releases/lordsawar/


when next to an enemy city, just attack it
calculate to city should be different for enemy cities
  friendly should go to the free spot that we can merge with
  while enemy should go to the nearest corner

it would be nice if ai path movement didn't always take the same path
often, we can take the same number of moves to get to a different tile beside a city



---

gtk 4, use Gtk::Overlay with Gtk::Image to make our tiles.


in the editor, images that we supply for graphics often need to have a width that is a multiple of the height.  we're only doing that for tilestylesets right now but the policy could be more widely applied to prevent garbage in garbage out.

when we get a networked game and add the tilesets, etc to our personal collection, we need to ensure a unique name

3x3 forests in the editor can cause crazy tiles.  not being smoothed properly.

should we do anything when an armyset, etc gets removed from disk after it is loaded

add a way to reset the hero names in the editor, and items, and player names.

figure out the mysterious 1.65 number in smallmap.cpp.

saw a crash when switching to a newly made shieldset in the editor.  can't reproduce.  saw the same with a tileset.

maybe improve the ai a bit by: disbanding stacks and creating a stronger type somewhere
favour cheaper army units for production when we don't have much money

fix up the upgrader by painstakingly providing an upgrade path through each version of every file type.
  (starting at whenever we used tar files.)

make an svg armyset, tileset, shieldset, cityset to test if it works.

the military advisor is somewhat medieval sounding , might want to make it more neutral for scenarios with other genres.
  maybe move the text of it into the scenario editor.
  this business of making it more neutral is probably a bad idea because my users expect a medieval tone.

switch from gstreamermm to gstreamer

are ai players limited by gold? do they just keep making more armies despite having 0gp treasury?

editor needs to be able to handle tilesets with two different water tiles and so on.  we can only select the first 'water'.

when the game is done, offer a replay. (idea of Timirtdinov Leonid)

undo doesn't always place the cursor properly on entries and textviews

preview army type in armyset editor.  pick tileset/shieldset/cityset/army.

switch from gtk notebooks to gtk stack switchers

it would be nice if the lobby messages, join/depart, etc were xmlized

it would be nice if the editor showed a progress bar when opening a map, or importing a saved game

need recently opened files in file menus
